[Excel PowerPoint] (content addins) add support for unified manifest (#4668)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/content-add-ins.md

## Implementation

> There are minor differences in the manifests between content add-ins and add-ins that use task panes. Open the tab for the type of manifest you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are minor differences in the manifests between content add-ins and add-ins that use task panes. Open the tab for the type of manifest you're using.
```

# [Unified manifest for Microsoft 365](#tab/jsonmanifest)

> [!NOTE]

> > The unified manifest is available in Excel, PowerPoint, and Word as a developer preview. For Outlook, it is generally available and can be used in production add-ins. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The unified manifest is available in Excel, PowerPoint, and Word as a developer preview. For Outlook, it's generally available and can be used in production add-ins. 
```

> Configure the manifest with the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the manifest with the following steps.
```

1. Add a "contentRuntimes" child array to the extension object in the "extensions" array.
1. Add an anonymous content runtime object in the "contentRuntimes" array.
1. Set the "id" property of the object to a descriptive name.
1. Set the "code.page" object to the full URL of the page that contains the content.

> 1. Optionally, set the "requestedWidth" and "requestedHeight" properties to a size between 32 and 1000 pixels. If these properties are not used, the Office application determines the size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, set the "requestedWidth" and "requestedHeight" properties to a size between 32 and 1000 pixels. If these properties aren't used, the Office application determines the size.
```

> 1. Optionally, set the the "disableSnapshot" property to `true` to prevent Office from saving a snapshot of the content component with the document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, set the "disableSnapshot" property to `true` to prevent Office from saving a snapshot of the content component with the document. 
```

> 1. Optionally, add a "requirements.scopes" property to restrict the installability of the content component to only Excel or only PowerPoint. The allowed values are "workbook" and "presentation". (Listing both means the content component is available in both, which is the same as having no "requirements" property at all.)

Reviewer: Looks like requirements property is on this object. If so, will you be updating the requirements property article in this PR?

Author: > Looks like requirements property is on this object. If so, will you be updating the requirements property article in this PR?

Good catch. I should do that in the same PR.
